Improve documentation on plugin usage (#399)
jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag: docs/usage.md

    publisher: 1234
    admins: 1234
  ```
* `logo` - URL to a site-wide logo (e.g., `/assets/your-company-logo.png`) - If you would like the "publisher" property
to be present, you must add this field to your site's configuration, during the validation of the structured data by

> Google web master tools, if the `logo` field is not validated, you will find errors inherent to the publisher in the

Reviewer: Brand Guidelines!

```suggestion
Google Webmaster tools, if the `logo` field is not validated, you will find errors inherent to the publisher in the
```

> [structured datas test](https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/u/0/)

Reviewer: `datas` to `data`

```suggestion
[structured data test](https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/u/0/)
```
